rewrite in *: don't skip variables appearing only through evar instances (#15426)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/tactics.rst

   which is equivalent to `in * |- *`.  Use `* |-` to select all occurrences
   in all hypotheses.

>    When rewriting in hypotheses, they must not appear in the term to
>    rewrite. For instance `rewrite H in H` is an error. If an
>    hypothesis appears only through an evar instance, the evar will be
>    restricted to avoid the dependency. With `rewrite term in *`,
>    hypotheses on which the dependency cannot be avoided are skipped,
>    for instance `rewrite H in *` skips rewriting in `H`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Hypotheses can't be used to rewrite themselves.  For example, `rewrite H in H` is an error.
   For :tacn:`rewrite` `H in * |-` or `rewrite` `H in *`, `H` will not be applied to itself.
   Similarly, if `H` appears in an evar used in one of the selected hypotheses, it will not be rewritten.
```

If I've not oversimplified or mistated...  Not sure exactly what you mean by "the evar will be restricted to avoid the dependency" if it's not covered by "Similarly, if `H` appears through an evar, it will not be rewritten."

The original statement is still true and you're just being more explicit?

   which is equivalent to `in * |- *`.  Use `* |-` to select all occurrences
   in all hypotheses.

   With `rewrite term in *`, hypotheses which appear in the `term` are
   skipped except for those which appear only through evar instances.

>    Typically :tacn:`rewrite` `H in * |-`, won't apply H to itself.

Reviewer: Can you be more precise than "typically"?
